
Here's your assignment. Develop a UI using HTML5 and CSS3 which will have the following features:

Your first task is to create a personal webpage. If you already have one, please start the page for this assignment from scratch. Your personal webpage should contain the following items:
- Your name at the top of the page as an <h1> heading.
- A few paragraphs about yourself.
- A list of hobbies or interest displayed as an HTML unordered list.
- Link at least two of your hobbies or interests to websites related to those interests.


About -- 

I am a person with high motivation and exploring skills. I'm ambitious in my goals to reach to the top, they may look vague to some people but I'm, hardworking and, do believe to achieve them. Everyday I consider bringing myself one step closer to the goals I have set.

Being a student of 3rd year I don't have much professional experience, but still I do have some unprofessional and raw experiences. 

i) Participated in college fest, event was named Model Expo. I presented a working model of parallel processing using 2 laptops and adding their cores.

ii) Helped senior in his project for RSA implementation.

iii) Attended Techfest, IITB 2014 for workshops on Cloud Computing and Android App Development.

iv) At Chaos, IITK 2014 reached 36th rank in a contest of around 250 students.



As of today, I'm working on an Android Application using Image Processing.

I do have big goals but I'm not blinded by their beauty, I do set short goals and try to accomplish them with all my hard work, leadership skills and analyzing capabilities.

I intend to get an internship in months of June and July.

Heavily inspired by Pranav Mistry(Reasearch Head Samsung), Mark Zuckerberg(Founder of Facebook), Stephen Hawking(Physicist, Cosmologist), Eminem(Music Composer), Naruto(Fictional Character), Monkey D. Luffy(Fictional Character), Swami Vivekananda(Philospher).

Swami Vivekananda — 'In a day, when you don't come across any problems - you can be sure that you are travelling in a wrong path'

Hobbies --
1. Avid Google Searcher
2. Music
3. Movie Buff
4. Avid Reader
5. 
Interest --

